
Command line code for migration: 
For creating migration
dotnet ef migrations add InitialCreate  -o Data/Migrations : -o Data/Migrations is used for specifying the output 
                                                             folder. No need to specify that in subsequent migrations. 

dotnet ef migrations add migrationName : For subsequent migrations                                    
For updating database 
dotnet ef database update 
dotnet ef database drop : To drop database. To create again, dotnet ef database update. By creating again, we would lose all the data. 

GIT Commands 
git init : Initialises our project (existing) for GIT. 
dotnet new gitignore : For ignoring unnecessary file for git like build results. This commands creates
                       file named gitignore and then it contains all the file that should be ignored. 
                       this file is customizable. Also, add appsettings.json file cuz it'll have all the sensitive informations of our repo. 

git remote add origin https://github.com/hari9526/DatingApp.git 
                        : This tells where is our remote repo is. 


git push -u origin main : Specify where to push the changes(branch or master). Note master 
                        is changed to main now. But I was getting error. In my case, I had to use 
                        orgin master. git show-ref: Use this to know whether one should use master or main.


Angular: 

ng new client : For creating Angular application. First, go to the required folder on where 
                where you wanna create the app. 


ng g -h : For help
ng g c compnonentName : For creating a component. Make sure you are 
                        creating it under the app folder. 
ng g c componentName --skip-test: To avoid creating spec.ts class for testing 


Route guard: 
ng g guard guardName : Select Can Activate when they ask after typing this command. 

Extensions for Angular in VSCode: 
1. Angular Language Service : For auto complete, info and go to definition feature. 
2. Angular Snippets: For faster coding by auto complete. 
3. Bracket pair colorizor 2 : For colorizing brackets. 

